2
16
16
guitar
blues
120
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false true false false false false false false false true false false 
false false false false false false false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false true false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false true false true 
false false false false false false false false true false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false true false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false true false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
true false false false true false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false true false false false false false false false true false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false true false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false true false false 
false false false false false false false false true false false false true false false true 
false false false false false false false false false true false false false false false false 
false false true false false false false false false false true false false false false false 
false false false false false false true false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
true false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false false false false false false false false false 
